README.md, before:


<img src=".github/banner.png">

---

Are you worried about malicious actors getting access to your chat longs and accessing private URLs that you've shared with friends and family?
Periodically deleting or encrypting these logs can guarantee that these urls won't be leaked, but in some cases you don't have this option.

By temporarily storing an url to another address, `mks.lol` guarantees that someone with access to your chat logs will not be able to access private information.

## Features

- Zero client-side javascript.
- Zero logging.
- Only depends on Go's standard library (excluding [styling with picocss](https://picocss.com)).
- In-memory storage only.
- Self-contained binary.

## Usage

There is a public instance running at [https://mks.lol/](https://mks.lol/), and pre-build binaries in the releases page.

### Building from source

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/guilherme-puida/mks.lol.git
$ cd mks.lol
$ go build
$ ./mks.lol -h
Usage of ./mks.lol:
  -port uint
    	port that will listen for all requests (default 8080)
  -url string
    	url used in rendered templates (default "mks.lol")
```

Commit message:

Major refactoring (#13)
* chore: started refactoring app into multiple packages

To improve testability and readability, the main app is being split into
multiple packages.

* feat: add Get method to database

* feat: refactoring code

Using the cmd/ subdirectory, it's possible to build more than one
executable. This will be useful when developing the CLI tool to interact
with mks.lol

Alongide that, major refactoring of the main handler and database code
was done, making it easier to add new features later.

* docs: Updated documentetion for new build instructions.

* chore: Updated release workflow to use new binary path

README.md, after:


<img src=".github/banner.png">

---

Are you worried about malicious actors getting access to your chat longs and accessing private URLs that you've shared with friends and family?
Periodically deleting or encrypting these logs can guarantee that these urls won't be leaked, but in some cases you don't have this option.

By temporarily storing an url to another address, `mks.lol` guarantees that someone with access to your chat logs will not be able to access private information.

## Features

- Zero client-side javascript.
- Zero logging.
- Only depends on Go's standard library (excluding [styling with picocss](https://picocss.com)).
- In-memory storage only.
- Self-contained binary.

## Usage

There is a public instance running at [https://mks.lol/](https://mks.lol/), and pre-build binaries in the releases page.

### Building from source

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/guilherme-puida/mks.lol.git
$ cd mks.lol
```

Now, if you have [just](https://github.com/casey/just) installed, just run `just build-server`.
See the justfile for more information about building manually (just run the commands in `build-server`).

### Running

The service is configured via Environment Variables.
There is a sample [.env file](./.env) pre-configured to run mks.lol locally.
When running via `just run-server`, the variables defined there are automatically exported to the environment.
